Update README.md based on bug bash comments (#56)
grammarly/grammarly-for-developers: examples/assertion-endpoint-node/README.md

> # Trusted authentication server (node.js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Trusted authentication server (Node.js)
```

> This server is provided to help developers experiment with trusted authentication.  The goal is not to provide a fully production-ready server to secure your existing Grammarly implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This server is provided to help developers experiment with trusted authentication.  

**Note**: This is **not** a production-ready server to secure your existing Grammarly implementation.
```
